compintell --> chalk-lab (#781)
JuliaDiff/DifferentiationInterface.jl: DifferentiationInterface/docs/src/faq/differentiability.md

### Mooncake

[Mooncake.jl](https://github.com/chalk-lab/Mooncake.jl) is a recent package which also handles a large subset of all Julia programs out-of-the-box.

> Its [rule system](https://chalk-lab.github.io/Mooncake.jl/dev/understanding_mooncake/rule_system/) is less expressive than that of Enzyme.jl, which might make it easier to start with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Its [rule system](https://chalk-lab.github.io/Mooncake.jl/stable/understanding_mooncake/rule_system/) is less expressive than that of Enzyme.jl, which might make it easier to start with.
```

- from ChainRulesCore.jl to ForwardDiff.jl with [ForwardDiffChainRules.jl](https://github.com/ThummeTo/ForwardDiffChainRules.jl)
- from ChainRulesCore.jl to Enzyme.jl with [`Enzyme.@import_rrule`](https://enzymead.github.io/Enzyme.jl/stable/api/#Enzyme.@import_rrule-Tuple)

> - from ChainRulesCore.jl to Mooncake.jl with [`Mooncake.@from_rrule`](https://chalk-lab.github.io/Mooncake.jl/dev/utilities/tools_for_rules/#Using-ChainRules.jl)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- from ChainRulesCore.jl to Mooncake.jl with [`Mooncake.@from_rrule`](https://chalk-lab.github.io/Mooncake.jl/stable/utilities/defining_rules/#Using-ChainRules.jl)
```
